DOCS-3766 CI Visibility Pipelines and Tests Index Page Edits (#18580)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/_index.md

#### Suite
A test suite is a group of tests exercising the same unit of code.

An example of a test suite is `src/commands/junit/__tests__/upload.test.ts`, which corresponds to a test file in [`datadog-ci`][10].

#### Compatibility
Not every language supported by CI Visibility has support for test suite level visibility:

* [Swift][11] has complete support since `dd-sdk-swift-testing>=2.1.0`.
* [.NET][12] has complete support since `dd-trace-dotnet>2.16.0`.
* [JavaScript][13] has limited support since `dd-trace-js>=3.3.0`.
* Java has complete support since `dd-trace-java>=1.12.0`.
* JUnit report uploads does not support test suite level visibility.

Additionally, test suite level visibility is only supported in Agentless mode.

## Use CI tests data

When creating a [dashboard][14] or a [notebook][15], you can use test execution data in your search query, which updates the visualization widget options.

> ## Create a monitor

Author: ```suggestion
## Alert on test data
```

Additionally, test suite level visibility is only supported in Agentless mode.

## Use CI tests data

> When creating a [dashboards][14] and [notebooks][15], you can use test execution data in your search query, which updates the visualization widget options.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating a [dashboard][14] or a [notebook][15], you can use test execution data in your search query, which updates the visualization widget options.
```
